Add note about anonymous token_auth (#744)
matomo-org/developer-documentation: docs/5.x/reporting-api.md

    curl -X POST 'https://demo.matomo.cloud/?module=API&method=API.getMatomoVersion&format=xml' -d 'token_auth=YOUR\_TOKEN'

> **Note:** Some of the example URLs generated on this page may fail due to the use of the "anonymous" **token_auth**. To see an example using a valid **token_auth** you can view the examples in your Matomo instance under Administration (Cog icon) -> Platform -> API

Reviewer: To keep the style consistent with the info above...

```suggestion
**Note:** Some of the example URLs provided on this page may fail due to the use of the "anonymous" **token_auth**. To see an example using a valid **token_auth** you can view the examples in your Matomo instance under _Administration_ => _Platform_ => _API_.
```
